Fix multiple `create-astro` registry issues (#7539)
withastro/astro: .changeset/old-seahorses-fold.md

---

> 'create-astro': major

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'create-astro': patch
```

---

> fix: getVersion Error when registry ends with '/'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update registry logic to handle registry URLs ending with '/'
```
